I didn't apologize to you.
I am to you
Even compared to my own brother Chen Huachan
tighter
You're going to give me to an old man
Has your conscience been eaten by a dog?
Hey no no no no
Second sister, that bad old man is very rich
He can give us money, you know?
Besides, you're good to me
That's because you were playing by the lake three years ago
Almost stumbled and fell into the water and lost his life
After being rescued by others
What you see is me
Treat me as your savior
You are good to me
What do you mean?
It wasn't you who saved me back then
Humph
To tell you the truth
I was the one who pushed you into the water
What, three years ago?
You are playing by the lake
Oh, right.
It seems to be near Chen Huacan's adoptive mother's house
I'll follow you.
I thought you were going to take Chen Huacan back to the Jiang family
Then I pushed you off
Hide not far away
Watching you struggle bit by bit in the water
You're trying to kill me, not save me
Then who is my savior?
You want to know?
Fine, I'll tell you.
It's your own brother, Chen Kuangce.